Don't mess around
I have a boyfriend
Is that right?
This is your boyfriend.
Yes hahaha
Lin Bingjiao, Lin Bingjiao
When did you become so depraved?
No matter how the Lin family declines, it is still a famous family.
He actually found a waiter to be his boyfriend
Hahahaha what I do is my business
What does it have to do with you?
That's okay.
You will be Mr. Zhang's person from today on
Whoever dares to be with you will offend Mr. Zhang
Do you still think it's okay?
No, what are you still doing?
No hurry up
I didn't want to worry about your shit
But if you provoke me today, even if you are blind
Pardon me?
Can you say that again?
I said get the hell out of here now
Dare to speak to me in this tone
What are you still doing?
Be him for me
You want to touch me?